docs: update GOVERNANCE.md to clarify repo captain permissions (#363)
expressjs/discussions: docs/GOVERNANCE.md

The Express TC can designate captains for individual projects/repos in the
organizations. These captains are responsible for being the primary
day-to-day maintainers of the repo on a technical and community front.

> Repo captains are empowered to maintain the project with the repository maintainer role and package publication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Repo captains are empowered to maintain the project, have package publish rights, and have Admin permissions on the repository.
```

Captains should get repo admin #422
